the guys and welcome back today we're
going to be talking about the story of
Elder Scrolls online it is a time of
strife and unrest armies of reverence
and dark spirits manifest in every
corner of Tamriel winters grow colder
and crops fail mystics are plagued by
nightmares and portents of doom four
years ago in the second era 578 an
arcane explosion of energy in the
Imperial City set of mystical
aftershocks that swept across known
mages died or went mad supernatural
abominations from the plane of oblivion
the daedra appeared in greater numbers
than ever before constellation of the
serpent grew so large that dominated the
night sky so began the grand scheme of
Moloch ball daedric prince of domination
and enslavement his dark anchors
vortexes of evil magic weakened the
berries between worlds threatening to
merge nerve and oblivion into a single
nightmarish hellscape in the midst of
this chaos three alliances vie for
control of the Imperial City and the
white gold tower High Rock Sentinel
horizontal standards warm united under
the rule of the High King in way rest
Valen would and elsewhere have forged an
alliance with Somerset and Black Marsh
morrowind and skyrim have joined forces
and formed their own on easy packed the
daggerfall covenant the Aldmeri Dominion
the ebonheart pact three armies will
take up arms against the Empire and
against each other to wrest control of
the Imperial City and white gold tower
from the dark forces of oblivion itself
you